feat(curriculum): add steps for employee profile generator workshop (#64896)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-employee-profile-generator/695c9f21a8b1d53cf1b97841.md

---
id: 695c9f21a8b1d53cf1b97841
title: Step 6
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-6
---

# --description--

> Let us now create a variable `employee_age` and assign it to 28, and then print it finally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now create a variable named `employee_age` and assign it the integer `28`. Then, print your new variable to the console.
```

# --hints--

> You should create a variable `employee_age` that contains the correct string.

Reviewer: Here we want two tests:
> You should have a variable named `employee_age`.

> You should assign the integer `28` to your `employee_age` variable.

---
id: 695c9f21a8b1d53cf1b97841
title: Step 7
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-7
---

# --description--

Now create a variable named `employee_age` and assign it the integer `28`. 

# --hints--

You should have a variable named `employee_age`.

```js
({ test: () => true })
```

You should assign the integer `28` to your `employee_age` variable.

```js
({ test: () => true })
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```python
first_name = 'John'
last_name = 'Doe'
full_name = first_name + ' ' + last_name
address = '123 Main Street'
address += ', Apartment 4B'

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
